0.  bmp - depending on the bitness, from 1 (2 colors) to 32-bit per pixel format supports 4,294,967,296 distinct colors
    gif - 256 colors on one frame, but it can be any color that is encoded with 24 bits (2^24 - more than 16 million)
          that will be stored in the palette file;
    jpeg - 24 bits colors (2^24 - more than 16 million);
    png - from 16 (65536 colors) to 48 bit (2,8e14 colors).
    
1.  gif

2.  Lossless compression is a kind of "archiving" a file, i.e. the source information remains unchanged,
    but due to the compression algorithms is smaller.
    Lossy compression allows to compress the image more efficiently than lossless compression,
    because in addition to compressive algorithms apply algorithms that reduce the quality of the file
    (and therefore reducing the size of the information in the file).
    You need to find a balance between loss of quality (unnoticeable to the eye) and compression.
    
3.  jpeg

4.  The reference (pointer, address) of file is cleared from FAT table. The file physically remains on the disk
    but it cannot be find (without special software), this disk space is considered empty.
    
5.  To record something over the deleted files (for example, zeros).

6.  stdint.h — header file of the standard library of the C language. It declares some integer types
    (with the specified minimum size or the specified fixed size) and macros.
    
7.  we can retrieve need pieces of bmp file from memory more easily (by repeating with these types of bmp file structure
    in our structure), in addition, they are faster and take up less space than a conventional int.
    
8.  1 byte (8 bit) unsigned in BYTE, 4 unsigned in DWORD, 4 signed in LONG, 2 unsigned in WORD.

9.  0x42 0x4D in hexadecimal, same as BM in ASCII, 66 77 in dec.

10. bfSize (bitmap file size) - the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file. biSize (bitmap image size) - the size of the actually image.
    bfSize = biSize + sizeof(BITMAPFILEHEADER) + sizeof(BITMAPINFOHEADER) or bfSize = biSize + 54.
    
11. For uncompressed RGB bitmaps, if biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB (device-independent bitmap) with the origin
    at the upper left corner. If biHeight is positive, the bitmap is a bottom-up DIB with the origin at the lower left corner.
    
12. biBitCount

13. If the file cannot be opened or if input parameter(s) ("filename" and/or "mode") is NULL or an empty string, NULL is returned.
    
14. Because from one file is need to read only one file- and one info- header, and the size of the read block is defined
    in the structures BITMAPFILEHEADER and BITMAPINFOHEADER in "bmp.h" using the fixed sized BYTE, DWORD, LONG, WORD.

15. 3

16. Moves the file pointer to a specified location. In our case skip over padding, if any.

17. Current position of file pointer.

18. This is the man. I don't know him. Mr.Boddy?
